Hanshin Racecourse 11 race is the 60th Kobe Shimbun Cup g 2 chrysanthemum flower award trial
Shiba 2400 m battle horse 15 horses
The blue sky has returned to Hanshin Racecourse again
The wind is flowing slowly
It is 1400 m battle to dry grass course in Ryobaba at the time of 5
Toward cage where Tsu last one turn
Good gate to the chest of each of speculation
By the way , it is said that the technique of the front right of the stand and the 15th brainer and the review at the end
Healed
It was the capital faction
We have decided the 14th Goldship start
I 'm getting a little nervous . First of all, the front row is the 8th name from the middle , and the order statement
No. 13 Labraster 3rd place 15th Brainer with Ball Star Korori Higashi-Iba Nerve
Trail 4th and one horse and half
In-course No. 1 Mill Dream Furthermore, it is one corner to say that Yuki Soldier is followed
Car knee
If you go around the corner while taking a bath, there is a god on the third, and the 3rd store m Haen style
After that it is the 11th mount shasta behind the key 1 baled impact that
Goldship is turning around behind the group
It has become the 12th pole star to go I was needed Shin lead No. 8 business card statement to kadomatsu second place
Factory ream
No. 15 Blaze atrail samba
13 breads ritter 4th place board behind it
Potsun and the best in the behind samba nerve Yuki soldier got off the 1200 entered
Mill Dream
Solo behind the 3 Umami outside was interrupted 9th veil de impact in course or five waves flame to the third store
No. 5 sharp newspaper content from its behind Ri No. 11 further in the course is Mount Shasta
1000 m
Sioux 1400 and 14th Goldship Interruption After Group Interruption
Occupied after six No. roadwork 0 minutes
That back 3rd 4th new cut The 7th historical is 3rd from the back and 1 horse and a half
Difference 4 capo tei star
Line meter cut around 3 corner car baud with a long view to gr no better accounting animals vertical Those who later
Better was
Polestar lead of the escape and 12th statement while wearing a kadomatsu-out and worry about the 1 Umami half 8th practice
Second place to close the gap
34 corner beasts the back has the fourth new
15th Blaze A Trail No. 3 hand edition Yuki Soldier 4 on its outer
There are still 3 horses on the back of the finish line . 13 oiled back and 2 horses on the back
Start sucker baled impact in course No. 1 build reel and spurt
The 14th Goldship Satsuki Prize Horse has been launched
And after the 11th Mount Shasta Auguste scattered behind the group , after the exercise
Is a frame
Historical straight line straightening Now was deep this time is the most practice the Cyprus fighter
Rider No. 25 No. 25 Braves has jumped up and there is no more Yuuki
It is a çš moon by a thread with a soldier at a stretch
Oh directing the children of the gold ship slope of missing
If you wear a well-dressed bridge , the concentration of the bridge is highly appreciated by a crane, etc.
It made me Chibi Tibet in wearing mount Chasse tower samba from
Become the most is the gold Supekkori
Choi was 2nd and 6th Road n
And No. 11 Mount Shasta 3rd place rare
A white knight set in 4 corners
14th Goldship with a different reaction from there
This is developing what's called Satsuki Award Horse of case